hi guys I'm Laura Vitale and on this
episode of Laura in the kitchen I'm
going to show you how to make meatloaf
we're going to make it very very
delicious but so much it's exactly like
my mother's the only difference is we're
using ground turkey instead of regular
middle of mix which is ground beef veal
and pork okay over the ingredients so we
can get started you're gonna need some
ground turkey from plain breadcrumbs one
small onion finely chopped 2 cloves of
garlic minced fresh flat-leaf parsley
chopped raw egg and for the filling
salami
hard-boiled eggs sharp provolone
Parmesan Reggiano and you're of course
going to need a little olive oil salt
and pepper very very easy ingredients
and this is going to be absolutely
delicious like I said it's exactly like
my mother's the only difference is I
mean the ground turkey instead of you
know pork veal and beef which is your
traditional meatloaf mix I'm you know if
anytime using everything I'm making a
recipe for ground beef you know Meat
Loaf meatballs I try to sneak in some
ground turkey in there just cuz it's
leaner and if I can disguise it so that
nobody will figure out what it is then I
do it and this is one of those recipes
it's so so so good you'll never know
it's not you know ground beef pork and
veal ok so what I'm going to do now is
stick my 1 small onion and I finely
diced I have two cloves of garlic that
I've minced I'm just going to cook these
up in a bath tablespoon available to
look like soft and translucent about 5-6
minutes and then I melon cool for five
minutes get my onion and garlic mixture
cooling and while that happens I'm gonna
chop up my Genoa salami and now
traditionally in the talent whenever we
make an Italian meal of closed-book
mcdonnen and it's stuffed with like
salami provolone and hard-boiled eggs so
that's exactly what I'm going to do I'm
just taking 4 ounces of salami and I'm
just chopping it so it's nice and fine I
mean not too fine that's perfect because
you want to be able to you know bite
down on it and as you know whenever
making meatloaf or meatballs or anything
like that you don't really want to work
the meat too much otherwise it becomes
tough so I'm going to do all my mixture
what's at the bottom of the bowl mix
everything together and then at the last
minute put in
the ground turkey this is my son I'm
just breaking it up with my fingers a
little bit it's all stick together once
that's done I'm going to let my next let
me continue to work on the filling
okay we have that we have our cooked
onions and garlic and this is going to
add a lot of moisture to it and we want
that especially because well we're using
ground turkey and as we all know it can
be a little dry
one egg come on in there broke my own
rule there and didn't break into a
separate Bowl which you always should
some fresh chopped parsley but 3
tablespoons 3 3 2 2 3 tablespoons as
much as you like season this with salt
pepper we want to make sure to season
every element of the dish but don't go
too crazy on the salt because the
provolone is very salty very salty and
so is the parmigiano channel which we're
going to put it about 1/4 cup or so
breathe tablespoon to 1/4 cup that's
almost perfect great then I'm gonna add
in my tablespoon of extra virgin olive
oil again it really keeps things moist
and let me just work this together as
perfect put in a little bit of bread
crumbs you really don't need a whole lot
but a quarter cup and you can see I
haven't put my hands in there yet so I'm
gonna wait out til I want to wait till
we put in the turkey for that so set
this aside because now we're going to
chop up our problem ok I'm just going to
take off the very top grind and put this
this sharp provolone it's very sharp so
you really don't need a whole lot and
just cut it in little pieces little
bite-sized pieces like that got my perm
alone over there now I forgot a very
crucial ingredient Oh my mother would be
freaking out right now if you saw this
you need a little milk that's always her
secret when she makes meatballs or
meatloaf whatever I don't know why she
just says it makes keeps everything
really really moist and tender
so we're going to put a couple
tablespoons of milk I use whole milk you
can use whatever you have on hand all
right we got that done with our
provolone chopped hard-boiled eggs on
hand and the baking of a cookie sheet
here baking sheet whatever you call it
I'm going to put a little bit of olive
oil on there so that doesn't stick now
I'm going to add in our ground turkey
gonna work this as little as possible
before I pull my hands and then I want
to see them Turkey with a little salt
and pepper remember we have a lot of
salty Parmesan Reggiano in there and
provolone so be careful don't go too
nuts
all right cooks best tools go in there
with your hand and mix the whole thing
together okay my mixtures all mixed I'm
just going to put it on this baking
sheet now we are going to flatten this
out okay flatten it out as much as
possible get rid of any air bubbles
otherwise you'll get a slice of meatloaf
that's like hollow which don't work all
right
flying it out get rid of bubbles perfect
now we're going to stuff it right down
in the middle we're going to take half
of a provolone which I know it doesn't
seem like a lot but it's so so strong
you're really overpowered the whole
thing if you put too much we're going to
take hard-boiled eggs in everything
stuffed in Italian household anytime I'm
making I don't know bake see do anything
like that we always put hard-boiled eggs
put the rest of the pro-1 around it like
that and now just with your hands
putting this closer to me with my hands
I'm just going to work this together to
bury the eggs and the prologue perfect
look at that thing beauty okay oh we got
to mention pretty you oven to 350
degrees so it's waiting for you and this
puppy is going to go in there for about
45 to
fifty-five minutes by which it should be
perfect by then all right
and she goes 45 minutes and 45 minutes
is probably ready
so inch goes my meatloaf is done been
cooking for 45 minutes and you can see
crack a little bit the top that's
perfectly fine
that just means that I'm doing such a
good job at sealing you know the top but
either way it's delicious now let this
cool for a couple minutes I'm just going
to actually use my parchment paper as a
guide to transfer this onto my platter
here we go
smells so good smells just like my
mother's meatloaf that provolone is
strong but I'm telling you makes this
out of this world
okay slice it up then give it a bite I
love the end I love the crispy ends oh
yeah look at that you can see you can
see the parsley you can see the onions
you have a little bit of egg the cheese
is melted all around the egg the salami
when you try this recipe you're gonna go
nuts
no more boring dried out meat loaf mmm
Wow mmm so good so so so good night
Italy we don't eat meatloaf or the
graving read it with like bread sauce or
plain as is which I prefer if you want
to make a quick little gravy over the
top go right ahead but I suggest serving
the just like this or with a little
marinara sauce perfect leftovers best
meatloaf sandwiches you've ever had Wow
Oh
how big guys I'm enjoy spending time
with me so get this recipe on the
recipes check out my website
www.marykay.co.uk/awilliam visit
you